docs: updates for v1.19 (#5868)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/docs/content/upgrade-guides/medusa-core/1-19.mdx

---
description: "Actions Required for v.1.19"
sidebar_custom_props:
  iconName: "server-stack-solid"
---

# v1.19

Version 1.19 of Medusa ships performance improvements, bug fixes, and some breaking changes.

<DocCard item={{
  type: 'link',
  href: 'https://github.com/medusajs/medusa/releases/tag/v1.19',
  label: 'Release Notes',
  customProps: {
    iconName: "github",
    html: 'Check the release notes for all changes.',
  }
}} />

## Breaking Changes

### Change in Cart-Completion Strategy Response

> In previous versions, if you attempt to complete a cart that's already completed, it resulted in a response error with code `409`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions, if you attempt to complete a cart that's already completed, you will receive a response with status code`409`, indicating a conflict.
```

> In v1.19 of the Medusa backend, the order or swap associated with the completed cart is returned instead, with no response error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v1.19 of the Medusa backend, the order or swap associated with the completed cart is returned instead with status code 200:
```
